[docs] New page: Custom opening button (#10200)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/custom-opening-button/custom-opening-button.md

---
productId: x-date-pickers
title: Date and Time Pickers - Custom opening button
---

> # Custom subcomponents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom opening button
```

<p class="description">The date picker lets you customize the button to open the views.</p>

## Set a custom opening icon

If you want to change the icon opening the picker without changing its behavior, you can use the `openPickerIcon` slot.

{{"demo": "CustomOpeningIcon.js"}}

You can also change the icon rendered based on the current status of the picker:

{{"demo": "CustomOpeningIconConditional.js"}}

## Pass props to the opening button

> If you want to customize the opening button without redefining it whole behavior, you either use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the opening button without redefining its whole behavior, you can use either:
```
